Personality:
I belong to the kind of person who should be dynamic and well jing, and I get along with people all know, a beginning to think I'm Lin daiyu, later found that may also be Shi Xiangyun. Little trouble, because I believe that god never shuts one door but he opens another, open not happy day is always the same, why hard on yourself. Getting along with people I more rational, the friend is very reliable, and can accommodate their mistakes. The friends all like joking with me, and I always like to loss, but who doesn't have a truly toxic friends, ha ha. I often with friends or lovers to each other as the center, as far as possible to listen to each other. Sometimes it may be of little help, but the most important, when you are sad, helpless, around one allows you to other objects.
Work:
My present job is to electronic commerce, a salesman, does not need to be on a business trip, almost no intercourse dinner party, occasionally company party. If necessary, is not very can drink, will drink a little, know your capacity for liquor, not drink.
Family:
Home have a mother, brother, sister-in-law, little nephew, the second brother, maybe next year there will be a yisow. Eldest brother is a lawyer, sister-in-law is teacher, nephew is a little lion... As for the second brother, it is also a lawyer. Mother often said to me, baby, do you like to marry where is, the key person to good for you. The eldest brother said, not only to hello, want to have the potential of stocks. Eldest sister-in-law said, as long as you like. The little nephew said, aunt, do you like to get married? Do you like I still like to get married... Even though the man second brother, busy dating, don't have time to me.
Hobbies:
I am a very perceptual person, easy to cry, also easy to smile, whether it is television comedy or tragedy, can without reservation to release their emotions. Life is normal, tired of listening to music, movie song listen to tired of playing games, running, and if there is no need to is seldom go shopping, because don't like to too many places, most of them are shopping online. As for tourism, the farthest place is came to shenzhen, have been to the lianhua park, climb wutong mountain, going to the big plum sand, well, don't know if this is not a tourist, ha ha. I hope the other half come soon, hurry to disrupt the mundane life. # # ^_^
