Personality:
Enthusiasm, optimistic, rich appeal. Inside collect, gentle and quiet, she had. Tong zhen, make two, take a cold humor. Literature and art, stay MOE, much sorrow. If I ask which one is, the standard answer: all is me! If a woman is a book, in my own life, write wonderful space, etc. Understand my slowly read you!
Work:
After graduating from within the company to develop the positive efforts of thinking mode, a state-owned company, a division of the China electronics corporation work now, I worked as a product center assistant general manager, responsible for r&d project management at the same time. Compilation process, form a standardized, coordination task to implement these trivial things has developed my careful, rigorous style, enthusiasm, leading to my performance evaluation with you work, I rest assured. Company business model is stable, welfare benefits are satisfied with, double cease day, 5 to 10 times a year away on a business trip or training. Graduation ten years, I've only been in two jobs, is a typical solid growth character, believe that a little pay, work earnestly, treat colleagues sincerely, happy getting along with people. In a company for seven years, a lot of pressure at work and challenges, have also made equal return, from cognition, vision, management ability, economic income, I am satisfied with their present situation, as a new era of professional women, also believe you can balance the relationship between the work and life. I enjoy working in the field of professional and the pioneer breakthrough, after all, shenzhen is a city of believe in struggle and struggle.
Family:
Hometown is in hubei garden in a small town, because my father was an only child, my grandma hope many children blessed, struggle against family planning, with our four siblings (super living guerrillas to describe is my home). At the feast, the three generations of family atmosphere is lively and warm. Like Chinese many ordinary families, parents and dad is the legendary warm man, claims and generative, had never seen his quarrel with my mother. Elder brother sister-in-law in his home city to run a small wooden materials processing plants, my parents help care for children, younger sister has been married, my brother in Beijing friend's company. My parents for their children education is very strict, cultivated my hard-working, clever and independent personality, I shoulder the responsibility of taking care of brother and sister since childhood, always wishes to her companion, love, peace, there is quite a big sister of the bearing and demeanor. Operating life or life, I always believe and grasps this passage from the bible, 'with them. "Love is patient, love is kind; love is kind; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up; don't be shy, not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, and not evil, don't like injustice, just like the truth, bears all things, believes all things, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails."
Hobbies:
When he was 14 years old go to Qingdao for the summer vacation a relative's house a guest, and see the sea for the first time, attracted by the beauty of the white by sand, then secretly decided, will also want to live in a coastal city. After graduating from college, I came to shenzhen decisive choice, I like the city of shenzhen, like the blue sea and cotton candy, more like the sky here show a civilization and vitality everywhere. I love to travel, every year obligate short holiday backpacking trip, has rich experience in self-help travel, China's most of the attractions are left my footprints, if you also love traveling, welcome to share together. Has a strong interest in working in the garden, I rent house there is a small garden, the weekend at home, love playing with the flowers and plants, perhaps is the enthusiasm of the input is too high, the survival rate remains to be promoted. Everyday go off work, in my spare time will be at home reading books, writing reading notes, once in the northwest village when more than half year teacher, his bones are having no one to disturb the reading time. My character is not home, the weekend will arrange at least one day go to classmates, friends or colleagues home door, occasionally about sisters go shopping, dinner, chat; Often organization department collective activity, such as mountain climbing, playing badminton, etc. At first thought that single because curtilage, careful thought, also not idle, every weekend is estimated to be the fate not to.
