Personality:
By type A, B both influence each other, in the aspect of hospitality is very thoughtful, ACTS as reasonable, also hate hypocritical people. AB self-esteem is very strong, but the general image of AB is often with a smile, gentle and polite gentleman, lady. Confident AB gestures are gentle and polite, between the first meeting, won't make you see the enthusiastic attitude. AB lives by two forces to contain the: one is to determine the self, have a strong sense of self dedication of impulse type, and the desire for stability and asked for meals, clothing and the type of sufficient sleep. So they feel about life, it is hope that is functional sex, civilized, convenient and rapid tendency of life, in their youth may be timid around strangers, but instead to adults. The growth of general AB knowledge quickly. AB in our daily life is self but it is easy to cooperate with others in the society, also easily affected by the surrounding environment. For important problem of decision making, very respect other people's opinions or Suggestions.
Work:
Now in a financial group is engaged in finance work life has different stages, I need to stabilize the present stage is some, is the need to solve the problem of marriage. Comprehensive consideration, I still like the city of shenzhen, I love life, love work, love the family. If there is you, is perfect, we plan our life together. After the family financial burden my responsibility! Career prospects use to describe light! Every day from nine to five, don't have to travel and entertainment, I have plenty of time to accompany the person I love.
Family:
My sister three, I'm the boss, and my brother are starting to work. , mom began to push the younger brothers looked at the model, pears so big!
Hobbies:
I like to travel, like there is the sea, looking forward to and beloved partner to travel together. Some time ago to go to the suzhou and hangzhou, South Korea. Like sports yoga watching TV movies on the Internet. Like food, I am a dietitian hope my another half body and mind are healthy, and elegant life taste and I go to preserve one's health, I will put my whole family body can regulate the good.
