Personality:
Life is not equal to idea nine times out of ten. No matter when and where, I always smile. Positive and optimistic, self-confident, synonymous with me! I am an optimistic, sunny "smiling angel". "If your smile can ChunYang, can melt the snow" is others praise to me. Self-confidence is my soul, because confidence, so I can be positive and optimistic face life with smile. Approachable, easy to get others' trust is my incomparable advantages. I have been convinced that: my future is not just a dream, because I am in tirelessly pursue!
Work:
Currently employed in a wholly foreign owned enterprise, the work is very stable, treatment of income can support me to have high quality of life. Work like a duck to water, with ease, can play their own ability. Colleagues, boss and the customer the consistent high praise and the high trust. Although occasionally need to be on a business trip, have a small dinner party, but completely will not affect my life pace and frequency. I want to live a life completely is not a problem.
Family:
Have a very beautiful sister has married. So now I'm a target. Elder care and love makes me feel only to find that he and I happiness of life is the best reward.
Hobbies:
In modern women to kitchen lest of not in time, but I have a special liking to cooking. "Go into the kitchen, the hall" is not a boast. Cooking is my hobby and strengths, especially hunan cuisine, and a half hours to complete all three dishes and one soup is not a problem. Cook delicious pasta and make a dish of cold dishes and I have been tireless fun. Occasional do-it-yourself rolling skin, make dumplings is also a good choice. In today's era of crisis with the tip of the tongue, I like through their own efforts to escort for himself and his family's health. In my spare time, play ball, running, mountain climbing, brandish asperses youth sweat! Night, a cup of fragrant tea, listening to a merlot, a good book, it is a enjoy our life!!!!!!! Occasionally go out to travel, in appreciate the beautiful nature scenery and human amorous feelings at the same time, increase their knowledge, rich experience of life.
