
Hope to find a: after see each other can not angry, very comfortable, quite eye rim.

Can learn to walk with me together, together, don't care about my record of formal schooling and family...

I love can be in order to beloved girl to give everything, including his own life, but the girl want to accept my love and my home, is a filial to parents, family and wonderful girl, can understand the feelings of others, can the perspective-taking. In short two people relaxed and happy together, unknowingly constraints and depressive, mutual tolerance understand each other everything.

I am a very introverted people, closed and self, eager to make a strong, courageous girl. I always think two people if you want to walk to arrive together, as long as don't gap is too big in appearance, psychological age close, have a common language, and the pursuit, parents respect children's choice, as long as parents feel their children are happy, will support the choice of children).

My education to improve, work unstable, enhance and improve the survival ability and character, without a "superior" family background, parents are ordinary farmers, farm the land to make a living, support their families. Father had a history of mental illness, so my mother take on more in the home, raising our three children to grow up. Because of the family, I learned to Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving parents and sisters, they all paid a lot of, gratitude to all seen and experienced, vigorous, is they let me go today.

I also have to bear, it is human to have, will bear many, my future love and family, family and career...

04 into Beijing in February in a foreign company for six years, has been on the production line, saved up some money, and in 2010, rented a ten-year apartment in January, is for the sake of settle down in Beijing, housing problem is resolved within yards for 10 years. The development of the future? I consider for a long time, in 2010, studied the JAVA software development this technology. These two things, after the completion of all savings have been exhausted, to start from scratch again, back in like 3 years (junior high school graduation) in August as the starting point of a penniless. Because of my independent starts from the junior high school graduation, no home to a penny. At the end of January 2013 to find a new job, aims to stabilize the job. To consider the professional ability and the degree of ascension. The future direction of the overall clear, can settle down, to oneself, can have a replacement for their family. Now find a girlfriend also have the foundation, I can have the energy to take care to caress her.

For everything in the future, let us together to face! Struggle together! Let's go!

