
Personality:

Is very simple, I love nature, in the hope that when I climb mountains, wade the stream, was walking in the forest and grass and flowers to a caring she accompany in side, let more happiness to share. Once unrequited love, know the taste of acacia. Once spent a long time, trying to let the girl quietly disappear in my obsession. HR gave me the biggest impact of the evaluation: the appropriate to give up is the true wisdom! So at the last minute, my firm chose to give up. Deep inside the true, have no home to return to, quiet expectation, hope we won't repeat. Really want to meet a girl, she can let I have been to the old and don't forget a feeling: when I think of her with the deepest feelings beyond words! I cheerful personality, inside with a gentle, optimistic, with a little melancholy, self own lack of do not lose to the respect of others. I like music, all beautiful songs; I love modified images, the most beautiful pictures for his own; Be fond of singing, the heart, with love, with their own voice to express that time that touches; Occasionally playing flute, with simple sound to convey the beauty of the mind; I dabble in almost all the entertainment, makes people around him will never be lonely; I like to collect, all the works of their own to save, use them to load the memories of my youth.

Work:

Currently working in suzhou, 6 ~ 8 k k. 5 days 8 hours is applying for a new job, 12 ~ 17 k k. Look forward to your testimony.

Family:

I come from the countryside, parents are farmers, my brother and I are college graduates, for parents to pay a very deep feelings, hope that the future can be kind to her parents, but is not equal to bidding, because I also often refuted the opinions of the parents! My parents are very respect my decision. Economic conditions are not bounteous, the woman get married as soon as possible, what you need to avoid wasting each other's youth ~

Hobbies:

What is the interest or hobby? It needs to come in person to contact about cough up! thank you

