
Hello, I am a love to laugh love sports, love traveling sunshine big boy, now work in the bank customer manager, have a stable source of income, now live with their parents; In the local has a car and house. About a love, only during the university for a year, because the character doesn't break up. At work more mature stable, good at communication with people, in ordinary life more curtilage. Because of my work and study, and the girl's exposure is less, so always keep a single state. Cause now in stable stage and hope to find a girl near in taizhou, zhejiang province, any job. Because it's hobby is food, weight is not light, but it'll go fitness, because free normal big type, not obese. Often a ordinary person to go to movies, called friends go shopping, looking for food, sometimes I have to do a few distinctive dishes, also hope that the woman also have similar hobbies. Have time usually prefer to go out to travel, castle peak green water, the boat people, also like high-rise buildings, ancient city of peace, in small town, gourmet paradise. I do not have the habit of drinking or smoking, even drinking may be one or two times a year, hope the girl never touches alcohol, tobacco, also. I am an only child, from a hobby is shopping, often parents clothes, the size of the objects in the home by purchasing is more, I tend to choose live with their parents after marriage. Father is a business executives, mother is a teacher; Have high pension after retirement, do not need to worry about. Because of domestic cultural level is higher, mom and dad are democracy, not too much interference in my things, is to trust me. Talk to the woman's requirements: 1. The height above 160 2. Best have a steady job; If want to be a housewife, also can consider. 3. Best can accept by my side to looking for a job, of course I will be happy to help. 4. Finds peace in his home, the parents alive is the best. 5. It is best to only children. 6. Age had better be in 23 years old or so, younger than me is the best, don't like asked. 6. Because my temper is very good, don't like noisy, also hope that the other party is also a tender girl. Looking forward to here, find a partner each other like each other and appreciate; My little stupid, I'll wait for you here.

