
Personality:

My personality is outgoing. I think it's because I've been away for a long time to read. Have to play good relations with all kinds of people around you. Junior middle school in Shanghai high school in guangzhou, the university has gone to New York to study. So I this person is along with the gender, can accept all kinds of culture and character. I value quite eye edge, the personality is, of course, on the one hand, but I accept the range is very wide. As long as it's not too radical thought, I think I can accept. Because I have to accept education is diversified, so I have involved in all kinds of knowledge, philosophy, art, humanities, know everything, but not professional. Common to do business, so I am willing to learn new knowledge, more receptive to new ideas. And all kinds of people for a long time, let me see things usually tend to intellectualization. Hope to find a passionate girl to compromise my personality.

Work:

My undergraduate course graduated from long island, New York's Stony Brook University. MBA is reading now. There are two small domestic companies. Income is very stable. Is likely to be engaged in the financial insurance industry in the future. I don't need to travel, in the future to travel also not many. Most is going back and forth between New York and chengdu. Social intercourse circle is stable, there will not be too complicated interpersonal relationship.

Family:

I was born in a big family, relatives often. Very harmonious family atmosphere and strong. However, I have read, are not under too much family edification. Due to long-term drifting in the outside, I pay more attention to the warmth of family. I would like to build a harmonious, warm, happy a small family. My parents are both entrepreneurs. They were when I was young, I have been busy with work, with my time is less. So, although I now also in business, but I'll be more value family. Don't want to let my children and wife lack of family security.

Hobbies:

I like photography. But I don't like to shoot the scenery and beauty, like the humanities and news. Usually like to surf the net, watching movies at home, drink tea with friends. I like road trips each year. Hope to have a travel

