
I don't know who you are, maybe just like you don't know who I am, this is a wonderful thing, but I still believe that we will be able to meet each other.

I'm glad you can see I leave you this passage. The way a lot of times, looking for, we always wonder, do you have the opportunity to meet the other half. Fate often joke about some modest, we see the scenery along the way, just learn to choose. Maybe it along the way, we would have been scarred, tired, but I never feel sorry for those experience and past, and always with a grateful heart, thank you for the gifts of life, let me all the way growth, metamorphosis, fulfill each necessarily in the ways of life and make it... Do you want to.

Dear, I'm not perfect. I was once a man who tried to perfection, the pursuit of the perfect process, there may be many demanding, more to oneself, to others, set yourself a lot of standards. Life tells me, however, the standard is never count, all imagine just imagine, when the encounter, we can in a way, let oneself be happy. Grow up, I gradually understand some truth, began to learn to follow the inner moving and life. I am glad I gradually have the awareness, as life to be rich. Of course, the reality often doesn't always can fulfill a wish, I strive to calm.

About you and our future, I used to have a lot of vision. I love life, and everything to make it sweet and enriched the details; I love the morning dew condensation on the gazebo foliage and flowers; I love when hard work late, turned the corner can see familiar window, there is a lamp for his sleepless; I love the word account down sweet and concerns, through the long time span, recalled repeatedly; I love the warm food, and is willing to share happy with you. You should know that I am so cherish the time I spent with you.

I know we might not be able to avoid arguing, as many people who love each other. Because of love too strong, so language is always special cuts. But I believe that we the "past", will save us at this time. I hope we can keep restraint and calm, at the time of may hurt each other, thought that the good, that we had together at the appropriate time to lay down their self-esteem, take a step, for each other to a tolerance of the hug.

I believe we must have a better future, but my dear, where are you now?

