
Personality:

I grew up independent personality, strong, independent living, positive and optimistic. If life cheats you, don't be sad, don't be impatient. Blue days need to calm. Believe me, happy days will come. The heart forever yearning for the future; Now but is often melancholy. Everything is rapidly, everything will be past; And that in the past, will become a kind of nostalgia. This poem has always inspired me to walk forward. Stay hungry and Stay Foolish! ! If we really together, I think I will do the following: from that moment on, I loved you just a person, want to spoil you, can't cheat you, promise you everything I have to do, to tell you every word is true, don't bully you not scold you, believe me. Anyone bully you, I want to come out to help you in the first time, you are happy, I will accompany you happy, you are not happy, I will make you happy. Never think you are the most beautiful, dream inside to see you, too. In my heart, only you. Biggest dream is in the right time, with the beloved, to travel to Hokkaido, take a look at the sea, and taste the authentic seafood, not seen scenery, bubble hot spring, but I use the camera records every wonderful moment!!

Work:

Currently in a private work, stable income, don't travel, don't have much intercourse dinner party. After work, don't forget to come on charging. Take time every day to learn a foreign language, the hope can with you to travel abroad in the future.

Family:

I am an only child, my parents want me to find a rely on spectrum and wonderful girl, a steadfast life, all my advice in marriage. As long as I said yes, no problem.

Hobbies:

Like swimming, went to water cube once a month. Like music, idle time will learn guitar, also the tick songs in Northern Ireland. Travel, is want to go to the United States, New York and Wall Street's Taurus, your picture. Or go to Hokkaido, bubble hot spring. Enjoy the unique natural scenery. Have been to lijiang, likes all kinds of folk customs. And, well, is to go to jiuzhaigou, is being planned. If buying a car, a road trip to Tibet.

