
Personality:

My personality is gentle, honest, positive and optimistic, a relatively low profile. Friendly likes to help others, I thinking logic is better. Like empathy. Friend's response is I more stable, reliable, very the person of pay.

Work:

Cyber cafes to be open to start startups during junior high school learning, then after graduation from college do shareholders and employees to participate in a financial investment company, belong to management positions, work is hard, very tired, but learned a lot a lot of things. I don't care about the money, brings me is important to the growth of the other! In addition to the investment company, now have their own entity enterprise, the printing company. Then ready to make a set design, trade, printing, logistics and technology network as a whole group enterprise as the goal. I don't travel, but I personally other transactions may be on a business trip. Dinner party sometimes more, sometimes not much. If there is something important, are also free to arrange work time. Free time in the EMBA is also due to the work and the study of these reasons, so contact girl, either taken are either mentor of noble. During the university, I learn the computer class, circles girl also very few, therefore is delayed for a long, long time...

Family:

My family condition are ok, no pressure and burden. Parents are very happy with self-made business, doing business is the food industry, but because I am persuaded, now retired. I respect my parents, learned a lot from them the life philosophy. Harmonious family atmosphere is very good, democratization, relationship. I am not a rich second generation, I'm never going to depend on their parents, (the wealth of the parents should be by their own disposal) self-reliance, to create their own sky, make a rich second generation's dad is ok. Ha ha!

Hobbies:

Daily fine when see news, read, listen to music, and friends drink tea, drink the coffee. Time is longer, like going out to travel. But for the moment, busy rarely went out to travel, now is not the time for my pleasure, because I want to do must be done first, to better to do what I want to do. Like the sea, sea breeze stroke, leisurely and comfortable.

