
Personality:

Like to travel when the uncertainty and discover new things, also like reading, listening to music, quietly enjoyed nattering with friends, also like to own a person constantly improve themselves. The friends all say I am a very self-motivated person, oneself also think only constantly to improve yourself, whether the quality of internal or external conditions; Only constantly to try new things, whether it's new tourism destination or new knowledge and ability, can enrich their life. I hope my another half is also pay attention to self-improvement, advancing with The Times, constantly progress of a man, and I share, continuously explore, enrich the interesting life.

Work:

Stable work, spare time from nine to five, busy time may be on a business trip in area county. Due to a 211 university graduate, so sometimes will go to chengdu at the weekend in class, so the weekend time is nervous, but in order to improve the self, I think it's worthwhile. Benefits such as little to say. Nature of work determines the sometimes have dinner party, but you personally don't like, but still have to go to, when necessary don't like to drink, sometimes social parties have to drink, not smoking, I was more notice to maintain a healthy state.

Family:

I am an only child, my parents alive, my father is still in work, my mother retired. The family are ok, no burden. A democratic atmosphere in the home, meet important things to discuss with everyone, finally choose the correct option. Parents also hope I can quickly find the other half, of course, is not urgent, I respect my personal will, let me let nature take its course. I also want to be able to find a like me in a good family atmosphere grow up in a partner.

Hobbies:

Like to travel everywhere, was the first time but it was too busy didn't want to go to xinjiang false ~ ~ miss at the beginning of 318 in Tibet line of hiking. 2014 work too busy, didn't please to false... Travel plans are planning in 2015 ~ ~ like financial management, at ordinary times reading, with friends, a little are calm... So I hope I can have a person to accompany me to travel ~ ~


