
Personality:

I am outgoing, uninhibited most of the time, will meet for the first time I am very active atmosphere, there are a lot of friends, sometimes is gentle, always sending out the thick gentleman breath, keep the image of elegant, even angry, also won't yell at, and I also be more sedate honesty, and I will put family first, like to devote more energy to the family business. Work is just the way I make money for me, enjoy my life is my all. Getting along with people I more rational, the friend is very reliable, and can accommodate their mistakes. And friends or lovers together of the time we will put forward different opinions, then discuss the best solution. More often, I think than money and power, I hope to get more fame, I like the life in the aura of life, it makes me feel my life is very successful.

Work:

Simple unit work, exercise personal ability quality, train the spirit of personal will. I am now in office working, thinking, working ability and comprehensive quality for the individual is a good exercise. Work on business of time is relatively small, if temporary have something outside generally will not be too long. Social interaction may be less, one is a relatively closed environment, external exchanges opportunity forces; The second is the central eight rules, dinner party almost have no. Work environment, personal experiences, thoughts and feelings are relatively simple.

Family:

Parents are factory workers retirement, the family is democracy. Parents hope I can find someone to marry quickly.

Hobbies:

In addition to the usual work is life, in fact is almost only work. We're out of time is not much, although the rest time to go out, but mainly in shopping, because very few social intercourse, so is almost straight. I have 30 days of vacation a year, mostly in December, less work at this time, can go to open, like to go to sanya in the sun in winter. I also more strict with their own, there is no special requirements, life itself is a person can hold their own. Dietary respect, like food, but he is not deliberately pursue food, can accept normal diet, (because unit meals is pot, pan has a small pond, the spade shovel is cooking, cooking and soldiers are more than twenty years old boy, they are only comrade to make you eat at home all have the taste of a lot of room to improve, so the taste I accept the range is wide)

