
Personality:

You have what say what, have always felt that life is movement... Only exercise regularly, can maintain good physical and mental state. I am afraid to lose independent space; Think together is the biggest problem with people. My love is deliberate and measured carefully, if you are willing to give me a certain independent free space, I would be very grateful to you, will remember you everyday, if you hit me more than a few months every day, I can't stand, so this time let me stay alone for a while, this is my personality defect, hope you understand. As long as conditions allow, I would like to have a absolutely pure. Usually don't like your family, friends, colleagues and other people in different circles at the same time last; Don't like trouble, just relax quietly rest at home. Not accustomed to being care and concern, I like to take care of others, should I accept people care not used instead.

Work:

In the past like busy work; Only very busy very busy, with all my heart into work, this makes me feel full; Let yourself feel valuable, meaningful life, don't feel emptiness of life or nothing; What you want, just don't want to family life as their parents and hard work, so need to try harder when we are young, to his old don't as hard as they can. In the company on the block for 3 years before, the main sales community fitness equipment, aiming at children's toys, work more. Now agent products, work is very free, have done 2 years and a half (as a year or so in May 2013 to now), the work went well. Best can be in this platform to find a helper, no dinner party, going to work at ordinary times is our main clients are very professional, is a long-term cooperation, work goal this year is more than 2014 income doubled, I used to targeting a few taller, only god knows how hard line results; Bad luck will need to redouble our efforts, the basic no entertainment, travel is the occasional business trip for a few days a month. Hope to meet you here, to share my happy with you.

Family:

My family lives JTG PingQiao, parents; Is a member of the 800 million people honestly. Parents are older; Always push, just make a phone call every day... Especially in the village when someone got married... More impending, oneself also understand them...

Hobbies:

At home to surf the Internet to see at ordinary times news, watching movies, like Stephen, crossing the detective, costume, reasoning like; As long as it is all like outdoor activities, park, road, roadside stands, outing, goes on a business trip, he liked; You can see at ordinary times can't see the scenery and people; Work is full of sichuan run at ordinary times, like the surrounding county-level cities are often go to. Don't like playing CARDS, sitting there how lame, sometimes make people aren't happy, very hurt my enthusiasm; So they are not interested in. Tired to drink beer, white wine drunk on several two. My dad loves smoking, the body is bad, how to also don't listen to, is beyond our imagination, life is short, 10000 days, is 33, 20000 days is 66 years old, what to do with such a short time, able to too little, but not to smoke. Food will do, this year all take no wife, a man can't cook, than cooking, like chopping vegetables! Cooking frying is heavy, my art of using saber is chef entry-level, more skilled, ha ha. It is in the evening sleep late life habits; Prefer to see the international news, movies and television, sometimes under the chess, usually get up at 7 o 'clock during the day and then go out running, back to the open a computer look at news, and then think about how to schedule today; Have the customer quotation list, as to jinqiao town to buy food cooking at noon, after 6 PM step time will run will remember to forget to calculate

