
Insipid life, the boundless huge crowd to meet you in the future, is the happiness of my life.

I'm from the south north bleaching gens, in the realistic society, my that where was you????? My condition is not rich, is what is called the "3 without" now, but I'm the person I love is absolutely undivided attention, as long as identified, I will repeat for you love, you are my heart baby, has always been a person, a person over the years also tired, feel it's time to find the other half, if you are not picky, it is never too simple fare, but life also fun in the water of life "you" can be considered. In this wish you happiness!

By the way, I must have said understand, let everybody know me completely. In this thank you, I don't have a steady job, salary is less than three thousand, nine to six, take a day a week, a little stupid stupid people, react slowly, work is the slow hot type, treat love look absolutely, will be steadfast love a person, I this person is a bit serious, common love nagging, each do one thing will always want to, I said some optimal her shortcomings. The family condition is not very good, a family of three, parents get along well, hope you are not that kind of money, I believe that the society still have true love, I believe! If you find these acceptable then contact me. Finally my strong point, I am a typical "3 without", you consider to be clear about.

My hometown is in the south, and it is in the southwest of the motherland, to return home after living, can not accept, I don't want to waste your time.

Forgot to say, why you are so not true? I want real, tangible, is don't want to, you can live the real point? As for the money so important? Dull day not good? Why get so false? I am not a cash machine, also does not have the function, just a tao really young, don't fool us with so-called smart this hoping to find a true love for one who sets his mind on it.

I am sincerely to the online search, and hope you too, I'm looking for is steadfast. There is hope you with sincere to treat, photos and identity authentication is to some, at least I'm with sincere here to find, if the basic two all have no, I see, don't waste you time. Again, I am six free (no money no room no diamond ring no stable work no deposit no car), we consider to be clear about, what I want is a dull day, don't want to atmospheric big fall, nor why the hypocrisy of the so-called pay, in this wish you happiness.

